added command for showing previous releases (#5658)
wellcomecollection/wellcomecollection.org: README.md

This project uses the [weco-deploy](https://github.com/wellcomecollection/weco-deploy) tool.

### Rolling back

Get a list of previous release ids

> `weco-deploy show-deployments --limit 30`

Reviewer: And then what?

> Get a list of previous release ids
> `weco-deploy show-deployments --limit 30`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Display a list of releases:
`weco-deploy show-deployments --limit 30 --environment-id prod`

Choose the last one you know to be good and deploy:
`weco-deploy deploy --release-id $(LAST_GOOD_RELEASE_ID) --environment-id prod`
```
